Yes, yes, yes.
So we are at the final stage of this edit now that we have everything is looking good, sounding good.
It's time to add a just a nice overall layer of color correction to the entire timeline.
And the way we're going to do that, which we've done before together, is to create a new adjustment
layer.
So we're going to drag in this new adjustment layer and we're going to make sure we're not accidentally
deleting anything by dragging it on top of which you have definitely done in the past.
You do not want to do that.
Trust me.
So we're good.
We haven't deleted anything.
And we're going to go to the effects tab.
We're going to make sure our adjustment layer is selected and we're going to type in the color correction
filter that you're going to be using and just kind of looking around at the edit.
I can tell that every shot can definitely use a bit of saturation, definitely an increasing contrast.
You can see the darks aren't really that dark.
They're pretty gray.
It looks a little bit bland.
So the saturation and the contrast is definitely going to help with that.
And that's all I'm going to do.
I'm not going to do a whole lot of fancy color correction for this project specifically.
But yeah, I'm just going to kind of go in.
And now that I've looked at the whole timeline or, you know, a good portion of the timeline.
I got a feel for what it needs.
So I'm going to take the saturation.
I want to move it up to 120 and I going to move up the sharpness, because I can see that not a whole
lot of these shots are super all that sharp.
So I do want to increase a little bit of the sharpness.
I'm going to move that up 20 points and I'm going to increase the contrast, let's say 25 points, and
I'm just going to push down the shadows to create even more contrast just a little bit.
I want to go minus 15.
That's just going to make the dark parts of the frame even darker.
This creates in general a more cinematic look.
And creates a little bit more of a stylized image.
So that's what we're working with now.
And that's what we had before.
That's before that's now.
So the image before it was pretty decent.
It really doesn't need a whole lot of stylizing.
That's before that's now.
Doesn't need a whole lot of stylizing for this kind of edit, because this is like a tutorial.
And it's not a music video.
It's not a short film.
It's not a client project.
So overall, that's looking pretty good.
And we're going to export this and look at the final masterpiece that we put together.